Statement of the Problem
The problem is to figure out how to use Github so that one common library of Svg functions can be used. Each person will be able to add their own graphic function to the library and access the code to create a poster consisting of each person’s graphic. The poster will consist of images of all sizes, some bigger than others depending on users preferences.
 
2.  Description of Solution         
First, our program consists of the basic structures that hold fill, stroke, structure, line, student, and rectangle. Each person is able to access these structures and utilize them.
A matrix of 10 by 10 was made consisting of all zeros. This will be the framework of our poster.  Each space of the matrix accounts for one cell in the poster. If the graphic were to be chosen to be larger than others the graphic can consist of a 2 by 2, 3 by 3, and so on as large as the user may want. In order to make sure images do not overlap and are drawn in the correct space, each time a space in the matrix is used, the zero in that position in the matrix changes to a one. A graphic will only be drawn in a space that is marked with a zero by testing the specific spot on a matrix with an “if” statement.
Next, each student will add information into our drawImage function. In this function, each student has a case where they will add their graphic information. The graphic information needed is their own drawImage and getData functions, along with their own main. In the main, nested for loops are used to cycle through all the positions in the matrix. This way a graphic is drawn in every position of the matrix.
            The uniqueness of our code is it does not actually draw anything. It simply allocates space in which users can place their drawing information. From here we have created our own drawImage function that allocates a case for each of the students getData, drawImage, and their main.  Inside our drawImage function we have float values that pass through each of the students images to set how big the image will be on the poster.  After this we have our switch(x), which is something we use that is basically like an if statement that checks if x equals to for each case.  This will then go through for our students zero to ninety-nine. 
